step 1 :numpy ,panda ,matplotlib , os
step 2: read the data
step 3: revome the missing values and duplicate values
step 4: Convert the string to list
step 5: now the ftech director name only form crew column
step 6: split the list of column "overview"
step 7: now task for every coloum , we will convert Sam worthington (name) into SamWorthington for vector to consider it as one meaingful word ie , Sam Worthington -> SamWorthington
step 8: converting all the info in paragraph format.(new_df) and before it convert it into lower case.
step 9:  nltk ,from nltk.stem.porter import PorterStemmer
step 10 : now from sklearn.feature_extraction.text import CountVectorizer , for aecssesing the maxsimum 5000 words and stop words are english
step 11 : vector = cv.fit_transform(new_df['tags']).toarray() to get it into 0's and 1's
step 12 : now cosime similarity is use to predicted the near movies
step 13 : create a function to recommend the movie and the recommendation is done by cosine similarity.
srep 14 : To run the code(app.py) by the command as -> .open new terminal -> (write) Streamlit run app.py 




## uses:
iloc - the iloc function is used to select rows and columns from a Pandas DataFrame using integer-based indexing
lambda - Python Lambda Functions are anonymous functions means that the function is without a name. As we already know the def keyword is used to define a normal function in Python
split - The split() method splits a string into a list.
poster Sretemming - the Porter Stemmer is one of the oldest and most widely used stemming algorithms. stemming algorithm reduces the words “chocolates”, “chocolatey”, and “choco” to the root word, 
sklearn - Scikit-learn is an open source data analysis library, and the gold standard for Machine Learning (ML) in the Python ecosystem.
CountVectorizer - CountVectorizer is a class in the scikit-learn Python library that converts text documents into a numerical matrix of word or token counts
Cosine similarity -Cosine similarity is a metric used in recommendation systems to find similar items based on user preferences.
cos(theta) =A.B / |A|.|B| 
we acn use it as :
cos_sim = np.dot(A,B)/(norm(A)*norm(B)) 
OR:
similarity = cosine_similarity(vector)
enumerate - enumerate is a built-in function in python that allows you to keep track of the number of iterations (loops) in a loop.
pickle : pickle is a module that converts Python objects into byte streams for storage, transmission, or maintaining program there are the functions dump() and load() can help serialize and deserialize objects
Pickling: The process of converting a A .sh file is a scripting language command file containing a computer program that can be run by the Unix shell. Python object into a byte stream
byte streams : byte streams are a sequence of bytes used by programs to input and output information. 
import ast : astis a model of python , creating helper function for converting  a str containing  list or dict to pure list form. 
ast (Abstract Syntax Tree) in which ast.literal_eval() is used to do this.
ex: "[1,2,3]" -> [1,2,3]



#Extension:
.ipynb : . ipynb stands for “Interactive Python Notebook”, the file format of Jupyter Notebook
Procfile : Use a Procfile, a text file in the root directory of your application, to explicitly declare what command to execute to start your app.
.sh : A .sh file is a scripting language command file containing a computer program that can be run by the Unix shell.
.md: Markdown is a markup language with a plain text-like syntax for formatting documents.
.py : A .py file is a Python script file. A Python script is a text file containing Python code to be executed.
.csv : A .csv file is a comma-separated values file.
.txt : A .txt file is a text file.
/.json : JSON is text, written with JavaScript object notation.


